Update server-y.adoc, server-major-upgrade-uyuni.adoc and .changelog (#1909)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/server-major-upgrade-uyuni.adoc

If you are running {productname} Server on a virtual machine, we recommend that you create a snapshot before you start.
====

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Before the upgrade, you need to ensure that the storage requirements are still valid. Refer to uyuni-install-requirements.adoc. Migration can fill root partition if there is not enough space available due to the service pack migration and download of new rpms. It is the same for the /var/lib/pgsql, when upgrading postgresql, it takes a copy of the old database, be sure to have at least enough space available to cope with a copy of the database.

Reviewer: Some syntax fixes, I didn't notice before, sorry about it.
```suggestion
Before the upgrade, you need to ensure that the storage requirements are still valid. Refer to xref:uyuni-install-requirements.adoc[]. Migration can fill root partition if there is not enough space available due to the service pack migration and download of new RPMs. It is the same for the `/var/lib/pgsql`, when upgrading PostgreSQL, it takes a copy of the old database, be sure to have at least enough space available to cope with a copy of the database.
```
Fix for the link, highlight the path, adjust some naming :-)

> Before the upgrade, you need to ensure that the storage requirements are still valid. Refer to xref:uyuni-install-requirements.adoc[]. Migration can fill root partition if there is not enough space available due to the service pack migration and download of new RPMs. It is the same for the `/var/lib/pgsql`, when upgrading PostgreSQL, it takes a copy of the old database, be sure to have at least enough space available to cope with a copy of the database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before the upgrade, ensure that storage requirements are met.
For more information, see xref:uyuni-install-requirements.adoc[].
The migration procedure can fill the root partition if there is not enough space available due to the service pack migration and the download of new software packages.
It is the same for the [path]``/var/lib/pgsql`` when upgrading PostgreSQL.
It takes a copy of the old database, thus be sure to have at least enough space available to cope with a copy of the database.
```
